Doc 2894 bug bash   rc security pt2 (#2961)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rc/security/access-control/data-access-control/role-based-access-control.md

{{<image filename="images/rc/data-access-control-users.png" alt="Data access control screen." >}}{{< /image >}}

{{<note>}}

> Users created for data access are different from the account access users.{{</note>}}

Reviewer: I would add a link here to the access management docs.

```suggestion
Database access users are different from account access users. To learn more, see [Access management](INSERT RELREF HERE).{{</note>}}
```

Author: I will fix this directly
